feat(engineering-challenge): Update engineer challenge (#10)
getPopsure/engineer-challenge: full-stack-readme.md

# Full Stack engineer challenge

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You need to implement both the frontend and backend for the following user story. Please, make sure all of the acceptance criteria are met.
```

## User stories

### As a user, I want to be able to view the content of a policy, search and filter policies by their data.

- When a filter is applied, I want to see the filtered information on the same table.
- When a filter is applied, I want to be able to clear the current filter, this action will display the original information.

> - I should be able to see the policy's dependents

Reviewer: "Dependents" is internal jargon – better replace it with "family members":

```suggestion
- I should be able to see and filter the policy's family members information.
```

### Acceptance criteria

- Show only ACTIVE and PENDING policies.
- Do not display any results if there are no matches.

> - The name search should return results matching the name of the policyholder or any of the dependents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The name search should return results matching the name of the customer or any of their family members.
```

> - The dependents should be stored on a separate table that is linked to the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The family members should be stored on a separate table that is linked to the policy.
```
